WELCOME BACK.
LAST WEEK, OUR NATIONAL NIGHTMARE OF A CLOSED
GOVERNMENT ENDED,
RETURNING US TO OUR NATIONAL NIGHTMARE OF
AN OPEN GOVERNMENT.
BUT IF OUR NATION WERE TO TAKE ONE LESSON
FROM THE SHUTDOWN — WHICH, OF COURSE, WE
WON'T — MAYBE WE'D THINK A LITTLE MORE ABOUT
THE THINGS WE ARE AND AREN'T WILLING TO SPEND
MONEY ON.
THIS YEAR, WE'VE ALLOTTED MORE THAN
SEVEN HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS IN DEFENSE SPENDING.
THAT'S MORE THAN THE GOVERNMENT SPENDS ON
EDUCATION, TRANSPORTATION, ENERGY, AGRICULTURE,
SPACE, JUSTICE, THE ENVIRONMENT, VETERANS,
HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, COMMERCE, HOMELAND
SECURITY, HOUSING, THE INTERIOR, LABOR, THE
TREASURY AND THE STATE DEPARTMENTCOMBINED.
THAT IS SUCH A HUGE NUMBER THAT IF YOU
TYPED IT INTO A CALCULATOR AND TURNED IT UPSIDE
DOWN, IT WOULD SAY
"USE THIS MONEY TO HELP PAY FOR UNIVERSAL
HEALTHCARE, YOU BOOBS."
OURGIGANTICMILITARY BUDGET WOULD BE A
LOT EASIER TO FORGIVE IF IT WERE ACTUALLY
MAKING US SAFER.
BUT A LOT OF IT IS NOT.
WE REGULARLY THROW UNIMAGINABLE SUMS OF MONEY
AT MILITARY PROJECTS THAT SHOW NO SIGNS OF
EVER BEING USEFUL.
LIKEFLYING OVERFOOTBALL GAMESOR,YOU
KNOW,
INVADING IRAQ.
A MORE RECENT EGREGIOUS EXAMPLE IS THEDEVELOPMENT
OF
THE F-35 AIRCRAFT, WHICH HAS GONE VASTLY OVER
ITS ALREADY ENORMOUS BUDGET.
THE F-35 WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE CROWN JEWEL
IN THE MILITARY AIR FLEET.
ACTUALLY IT WOULD HAVE BEEN CHEAPER TO MAKE
IT OUT OF ACTUAL CROWN JEWELS.
WE'VE ACTUALLY MANAGED TO BRING THAT DOWN
TO AROUND
89 MILLION DOLLARS PER PLANE, MOSTLY BY NOT
ORDERING
THE CLEANING KIT AND STURDY LEATHERETTE CARRYING
CASE, BUT IT'S STILL PRETTY DARN PRICY.
THAT WOULD BE A CRAZY AMOUNT OF MONEY EVEN
FOR A PLANE THAT WORKED, WHICH THE F-35 DOES
NOT.
AT A MOCK DEPLOYMENT IN 2016,
ONLY ONE OUT OF SIX F-35'S COULD ACTUALLY
TAKE OFF DURING TESTING.
ALTHOUGH THAT COULD BE AN ADVANTAGE, SINCE
THE ENEMY WILL NEVER EXPECT TO SEE FIGHTER
JETS
"DRIVING" TOWARD THEM.
SURPRISE!
THE F-35 ALSO SUFFERED FROM A RADAR GLITCH
THAT COULD ONLY BE RESOLVED BY HAVING THE
PILOT TURNTHE RADAROFF AND ON AGAIN.
LIKE A WIRELESS ROUTER.
IT'S OKAY, THEY'RE HIGHLY TRAINED FIGHTER
PILOTS SO THEY CAN GET THROUGH THE VERIZON
TECH SUPPORT MENUAT 50,000 FEET.
OTHER F-35 "OOPSIES" INCLUDE THE JET'S SOFTWARE,
WHICH WAS SO HOPELESSLY SCREWED UP, TECHNICIANS
HAD TO
GO OFF BASE TO USE COMMERCIAL WIFI ACCESS,
DOWNLOAD THE NECESSARY FILES AND BURN THEM
TO CD'S.
SO WE'LL BE FINE AS LONG AS WE ONLY INVADE
PLACES THAT ARE NEAR
A STARBUCKS WITH FREE WIFI.
OH, AND THE F-35 ALSO HAD ONE OTHER "TEENY"
PROBLEM.
A
BLOWTORCH SURROUNDED BY FUEL?
THESE THINGS ARE 89 MILLION DOLLARS.
HEY AIR FORCE, GIVE ME HALF THAT MONEY AND
I WILL SELL YOU A
MUCH MORE AFFORDABLE EXPLODING PLANE.
THE ENGINE IS A FORK IN A MICROWAVE.
DON'T SAY NO OR YOU'RE AGAINST THE TROOPS.
SO HOW DOES A
COUNTRY THAT CAN'T AFFORD TO OFFER ITS CITIZENS
HEALTH CARE DROPALMOST HALF-A-TRILLION DOLLARS
ON A BUNCH OF PLANES THAT DON'T WORK?
IT ALL COMES DOWN TO A SLOPPY CIRCLE JERK
BETWEEN THREE POWERFUL GROUPS.
THE PENTAGON NEEDS SOMEONE TO BUILD BLAMMO
MACHINES THAT WILL VAPORIZE PEOPLE WE HATE.
SO THEY GIVE ASS-LOADS OF MONEY TO
DEFENSE CONTRACTORS, WHO SPREAD EACH PROJECT
AROUND AS MANY CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS AS
POSSIBLE,
PROMISING LOTS OF FAT, JUICY JOBS THAT LEGISLATORS
WILL DO ANYTHING TO PROTECT.
AND WHEN THEY ALL SHARE A SPECIAL HUG,
A CRAZY-ASS PLANE THAT WE DON'T NEED IS BORN.
THISHAPPYTHROUPLE IS COMMONLY KNOWN AS
"POLITICAL ENGINEERING."
AND FOR PROJECTS LIKE THE F-35, IT'S THE ONLY
KIND OF ENGINEERING THAT WORKS.
EVEN
BERNIE SANDERS, ONE OF THE MOST OUTSPOKEN
CRITICS OF EXCESS MILITARY SPENDING,
FELT COMPELLED TO BRING SOME OF THE PORK HOME
TO HIS STATE.
WHO KNEW VERMONT WAS SUCH A MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL
POWERHOUSE?
THAT EXPLAINS BEN & JERRY'SNEW FLAVOR
DEATH BY CHOCOLATE AND DRONES.
UNFORTUNATELY, THE MAN BEST EQUIPPED TO STOP
THIS NONSENSE IS DONALD TRUMP, AND HE IS ALL
IN.
OKAY, THAT SOUNDS DUMB, BUT HE DOESN'T MEAN
YOU "LITERALLY" CAN'T SEE IT.
OKAY, BUT HE MEANS YOU LITERALLY CAN'T SEE
IT ON RADAR, NOT LIKE YOU LITERALLY CAN'T
SEE IT IF IT'S RIGHT NEXT TO YOU.
THEN TRUMP'S AIDES HAD TO GET HIM TO ANOTHER
EVENT SO THEY PRETENDED TO THROW A TENNIS
BALL THE OTHER WAY.GO ON, GO GET IT!
LIKE MOST THINGS PRESIDENT TRUMP ENDORSES,
THE F-35 HAS BEEN A COLOSSAL WASTE OF MONEY.
BUT IT'S HARD TO STOP.
IF YOU TRY TO ACTUALLY SCRUTINIZE OUR MILITARY
BUDGET THE WAY YOU'D SCRUTINIZE ANY OTHER
GOVERNMENT EXPENSE, PEOPLE SAY YOU'RE AGAINST
THE TROOPS.
WHICH I AM NOT!
I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW MY FAVORITE PARTS OF
MALE STRIP SHOWS ARE THEMILITARY-THEMED
PARTS.
BUT IF YOU DON'T TRUST MY PEACENIK OPINION,
MAYBE YOU'LL TRUST
THAT OF
THE LATE JOHN MCCAIN, WHO CALLED THE F-35
PROGRAM
"A SCANDAL," "A TRAGEDY" AND "DISGRACEFUL."
YES,NATIONAL DEFENSE IS IMPORTANT, AND THAT
COSTS MONEY.
BUT IT'S NOT "SUPPORTING THE TROOPS" TO STICK
THEM INTO BILLION-DOLLAR
FORD PINTOS.
THEY DESERVE BETTER, AND SODO THE RESTOF
US.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.